The Peoples Branch 

The Peoples Branch consists of people, citizems of the U.S.  in addition there may be outer users:  aninymous, AI agents, systems/programs.

The people / citizes are the ones The Peoples Branch is for.  
of the people, by the people, for the people.  Some will be mor interested than others. Some will be builders of The People's Branch. What do these people want from the system and it's participating citizens ?  participation is a key tu success. Users may assume one or more roles.  These nay correlate to their skills and desires.

Better governance reflected in better life for one and all, better truth for one and all, better love and care for one and all.  That's a tall order.

For The People's Branch system to deliver this, it will be grounded on a moral compass in efort  to help citixens at all levels to asscend  mentally and thus physically. (not descent nor sibgular self-interest)

To faclitate citizens th this ascension is a key and primary goal of The People's Branch system. In general many human activities embrace this goal;  education; religion; health care; creative endevors; business...

The Individual anynonous user ascent could begin in a dialogue with a "good AI" that never condems or loses patience, but always suggets good possibilities.  And as trust grows, the anymous user may want to silently explore the treasures being built in The Peoples Branch, until he decides to ascend a bit and becone averified user.
 
As averified user he might decide to see whats happening ibhis town by letting The Peoples Branch know the region (like the uiet corner)or his town like Putnam, CT where he lives.    

The Peoples Branch (TPB) looks at all the news ffeed for Putnam, processes it with a moral compass and delivers a summary of whats happening with options to click into the found news items.  After reading the full story, he decides to get that every morning while eating breakfast.

after letting TPB know he lives in Putnam, TPB gentle ask if he is interested in any other Putnam areas, like schools, or Town Budgets....he ascends a bit becomming more aware and tells his girlfriend about TPB.

So TPB helped a citizen ascend a bit.

His girlfriend got connected to TPB, and immediately saved her user information,  Town. State, email andphone number soshed could get notices from the school and cMayors office.ity hall about meetings schedulas. She emailed her neighbor wwho worked for Putnam in the Mayors office  about TPB and the word spread quickly.

TPB has a Group option where verified citizens who are in Putnam (or the uiet Corner cancreate Groups that others can join together in discussions. Groups rated as ascending eill be promoted.

Special groups that areauto-created and  related to Governance enable citizens in the town to join and may join similarly created State groups.


p



