The Peoples Branch is the soverign power of Governance. it is compresed of  U.S. citizens including people too young to vote.  in the 50 States.  As a direct democracy, with history and authority stemming ffrom the U.S. constitution,The Peoples Branch  has authorized 3 subordinate branches. 

The Federal Government
The Legislative Branch is authorized to to create amend or change laws and budgets and oversee the other two branches; The legislative branch consists of the House and the Senate comprised of periodically elected Representatives and Senators.  This branch can also impeach and remove any members of the Federal government. Another co-eual branch under The Peoples Branch is the Executive branch responsible for executing and administering and enforcing the laws and budget. This branch consists of various departments and agences who manage the Executive branch.  The third co-equal branch 
 is the Judicial branch whichis responsible for determining truth and administering justice through the Federal court system.  The Branches all have top  URLs that follow this structure, as well as subordinate URLs for Departments, Agencies or districts
 
 Primarily The People currently exercise power through a constitutionally established ekection process.  Other powers to ammend the Constitution or impeach government official exist but are rarely used due to lack of viable and efficient processes.
 
 State Governments (50 States)
 
 State Governance structures closely modal the Federal Government; subordinate to the People; three branches; People election or Stategovernment offficials.  URLs exist in a simular heirachial fashion.
 
 Town Governments
 
 Town governments follow the same pattern though with different names. Police, Businesses, Schools, libraries, infrastructure, parks, and cultural elements  are all very important elements at town levels.  the URLs for towns may include citizens information, budgets, meeting schedules and minutes, and URL to other civilian services such as police, schools, or libraries.  Official's titles might include mayor, clerk, etc. Towns URLs range ffrom static, to sophisticated in larger metrolalitan cities.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 l
 
 

 